Student-

Students tend to be more experienced with technology so this one probably wouldn’t have much trouble using the app.
This situation takes place during the winter (this is relevant as the days are shorter and it is colder outside which would affect the schedule for the lights and temperature).

Time	  Activity
8:00	  Temperature and/or lights turn on to wake Student up.
8:10	  Once alarm is turned off the lights would dim to a normal brightness for the time of day.
8:15	  Student checks schedule for the day so he knows what he’s doing that day and to make sure that the lights/temperature turn off and on at the right times .
8:45	  Student showers, has breakfast and leaves for a lecture.
9:00	  Lights and temperature turn off because of the schedule he set up based on his lectures/labs/seminars/activities for the day.
10:00	  After the lecture he hangs out with his colleagues.
11:00	  The lights and temperature turn back on while he’s out and he receives a notification telling him so.
        Since he isn’t returning home anytime soon he taps the notification and turns off the lights/temperature.
13:00	  Eventually he gets home and starts studying.
        He adjusts the lights and temperature so he’s comfortable while he studies (the lights would normally adjust brightness based on the time of day and sunset/rise times).
17:00	  It gets late and it starts to get dark outside so the lights start to brighten to compensate.
        It also gets colder so the temperature begins to warm up.
23:15	  The time that the student set up for lights out comes around and a notification appears on his phone telling him so about 15 minutes ahead of time.
        He decides to stay up a bit later and delays this by 30 minutes.
00:00	   He eventually goes to bed and the lights and temperature turn off.


Potential Feature (I don’t think we would be able to do this based on our hardware but it would be cool if we could)- 
A blue light filter to help keep a decent sleeping pattern could help a student a lot.
